# Training
Date: June 14, 2002

The total is now 3.



Most of you have asked me if i'm done with training, or whether i have more classes yet to assimilate into my collective conscious.    The answer is yes.  You'll have to decide what question i just answered.



Life has been going extremely well as of late.  My friend Sven got home from his mission in Bulgaria last week and has adjusted pretty well to American life again.  On Sunday evening, his family opened their house to family and friends for a bit of food and fun.  I couldn't believe how many people i saw that night that i hadn't seen in years.  It was a great time to reflect on where i had come from in my life, and who had made me who i am today.  And as far as the job goes, i couldn't really ask for a better company to work for...if i could only get out to the floor and work now.  The next two weeks will be dedicated to a sort of "Gateway" into the technical environment, where i and two others will be assigned a mentor and given the chance to take calls.  Excited, am i.



This afternoon in class, my trainer said something that struck me as generally profound.  He stated, "One should always move forward. Even if that involves turning around and heading in the direction you came."  It makes sense to me.  I don't know what his premise was in mentioning that to the class, by now i'm sure that he realizes that i have the attention span of a A.D.D. chimp with 15 televisions laid in front of him.  It just goes to show that truth is everywhere, you just have to have your ears open and your mind in tune with what is going on around you.



Sincerest apologies for the short entry today.  Somehow i'll make it up...i'm still waiting for suggestions.



Have a great weekend.