# Slip
Date: January 26, 2002

It finally happened.






I completely let the blog slip my mind last night. Grim. I figure that I'm allowed at least one miss, if not by works, then surely by grace. Yesterday was a terribly slow one at work, I think everyone must have left quietly during lunch, for when I came back from my own mid day snack, there wasn't much to behold upon arrival. I suppose I can blame the absence of several employees one of the four letter words in my vocabulary: Golf. Yup, I'm gonna go swing a stick atta ball and i figger I might not make it back today. Golf really isn't that bad, I guess. It's just not my forté. I tried it once and my eyes were so swollen from the grass or the pollen or the lack of real exercise that I just had to stop. 






Today I went on a group date to the local rock climbing gym. I wish that I could have taken pictures, it's a really great looking place. Once upon a time, I climbed a lot. Now, 2 years later, I realize that I'm not so hot at it. By the end of the day I was so tired and my hands gave up. They're still putting up a fierce fight, must be why this entry is taking four-score months to type. I'm also pert exhausted, and I have almost complete lack of motor skills. Ho hum. There hasn't been any real concrete work done to the site so far this weekend, but perhaps tomorrow or next weekend. I wish to make it a more aesthetic experience for all. 






I hope everyone has an enjoyable rest of the weekend, back to the grind soon enough, eh?






Aye.






posted by RyanDavid Burningham 8:16 PM