# Yearning
Date: February 28, 2002

Last day of February.






This month seemed to fly by for me. And it's funny too, because when i was younger, February was the most painfully slow month that i knew, and the single reason for that is because my birthday is in March. So the days would drag by, until the 8th of March would FINALLY come and i would be a happy child. Well, not that i wasn't happy in the days preceding, but when the days last as long as weeks, well, there's only so much happiness that a 9 year old can achieve when he's waiting for a new Lego set or a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Action figure...and of course my parents always got me exactly what i wanted. Who knows how much money they spent and how many hours they toiled walking up and down department store aisles looking for that darn-blasted Shredder with "action chop right arm". What a pain i was...my brothers and sister were right when they called me spoiled...well, that's what they get for moving out and leaving me to be the last one in the house.






So, in roughly eight more days i will be 23 years old. I was talking to my sister yesterday and she said that i was old. I know 23 isn't old, in fact, i'm still relatively young, but when i was younger i thought 23 was ancient and that all people, upon reaching that golden age of 20, turned into giants and were whisked away into outer space to live on larger planets. Yes, i had an over-active imagination as a young boy, but that's why i had so much fun. So, now i'm almost 23, i don't look forward to my birthdays as much as i used to, and to draw testament to this fact, all i really want for my birthday is a new razor. What i wouldn't give to yearn for a new video game or something. Ah, my kingdom for a Lego set.....






But really, this wasn't an entry to let you all know that my birthday is coming up...because really, everybody remembers it anyway, right? Also, thanks to the people that emailed me today about other jobs that are out there, i appreciate it and will look into them. 






May your days be filled with happiness. Oh, and Legos...






posted by RyanDavid Burningham 9:56 AM