# Darn it.
Date: November 17, 2003

Darn it.



I was going to provide you with yet another amusing Sunday picture of Dobby, but apparently, my cell phone provider has black-balled me.  Access denied.  How humiliating.



My wife is in the other room watching "boy TV".  It's not any particular show, rather, a type of show.  I believe the one she is watching now is called "Maximum Exposure".  You know the type.  It's basically Cops.  Boy TV is anything with stuff caught on tape.  Car crashes, hostage situations, people's trousers falling south in public, etc.



So, why is my wife watching it?  Cause she's cute.  Why else?



It was quite the uneventful weekend, but I think some of you may have realized what I learned how to do:  I made a pop-up advertisement appear on my Web site.  Yes, I have joined the unholy ranks of the annoying.  Can you blame me?  Not many have decided to ask for a free e-mail address, and I simply wanted to ensure that I had my fair warning out there.



Wife and I decided to alter our choice of grocery stores this time around.  We've been stuck on Albertsons for the past couple of months, and truthfully, we haven't been fond of their selection.  So, we ventured over to Fry's, and were more than pleased.  As my Wife put it, there's enough of any one thing to find at least something you need on sale.  And that's the truth.



And what made me happy was they let me bag my own groceries.  Ok, ok, they didn't have a bagger and probably wanted me to bag 'em.  But when I went to <unnamed store> last time, the bagger actually snarled and informed me that he could lose his job (or some nonsense) if I helped him bag.  I thought he was kidding, and continued bagging contently.



"No, really.  I can get in trouble if you keep doing that." said Unhappy Bagger Boy.



Oooook.  Sure.



Long story short, I like to bag my own groceries.  Especially since they put my bleach in the same bag as my eggs.  Really smooth.



Alright.  That's done.  Off to bed, more later this week.  Any suggestions?