# New job
Date: April 21, 2002

Tomorrow i start my new job...

 


By a show of hands, how many people hate the feeling of the first day on the job? I know i don't really care for it. Honestly, it doesn't matter to me how prepared i am, how focused and intent i make myself on creating a good impression, i will invariably feel a little out of sorts that first day. I am starting my long-awaited job at Cox Communications tomorrow, where i will be doing what they call E-Care...i will be handling customer service and techical issues for clients of Cox. The great thing about the job is that i get to do all of this by email...and i can avoid the phones a lot of the time. So, all of you who think that they can now call me directly to solve all of your cable woes, sorry charlie...this cat don't play that way. 

 


For the past couple of months, i have delved into the world of computer upgrades and services on the side. Not a bad little rap, i suppose, i have had a lot of success but haven't made a bit of money. I seem to have this problem with charging people for things that seem a little fun to me, i suppose. So if anyone needs their computers networked, upgraded, or repaired, let me know. I will try my hardest to let you pay me.

 


I have also purchased a new scooter, it's one of the funnest things i have ever owned in my life. I use it mainly to get around the neighborhood, and i will use it eventually to get to work. I am trying to sell my car, so if anybody that you know is interested in purchasing, point them to my car's webpage here. It's a great car.

 




So, that's about it for now. I'm going to go ride my scooter.




posted by RyanDavid Burningham 6:09 PM