# Nth day
Date: May 01, 2002

New month, new something or other.

 


Nth day of inbound sales training, and i'm beginning to forget who i am. I find myself having to be reminded that i was hired for an entirely different department, and that i can pretty much negate 1/3 of the banter that goes on in the classroom. Today we had a team leader from the sales floor come in and do a little Q&A with us, and i believe that at one point, it almost came to fisticuffs when they decided to bombard the poor man with questions about "commission structure". So i sat there, pen in my mouth, trying to focus.

 


And now i'm sitting at home, listening to a recording that i made off the radio back in 1994. It's a group of songs from a radio show called Open House Party that i believe is still on the air somewhere in this country. The only reason that it holds any significance, however, is because all of these songs remind me of a specific time in my life. In 1994, as a lad of 15 years, i recorded this album 2 days before i left for EFY. And as i sit here 8 years later and listen to my tape, i still feel the same as i did that night.

 


Ah, what the heck...here is the play list.

 


Title - Artist

1. Harmony - Erasure

2. You Spin Me - Dead or Alive

3. What's Up? - Four Non Blondes

4. Amazing - Aerosmith

5. Oh What a night! (really, i have no clue who did this rendition, but it was really big at all the church dances back then...)

6. Happy Nation - Ace of Base

7. We Will Rock You (Techno Mix) - Queen

8. Black Hole Sun - Soundgarden

9. 100% Pure Love - Crystal Waters

10. Show Me Love - Robin S

11. Regulate - Nate Dogg & Warren G

 


A stellar line up.

 




VIVA EFY




posted by RyanDavid Burningham 6:33 PM