# Comfort
Date: November 11, 2003

Complete comfort.  What does it consist of, exactly?



Is it a song, played at the perfect time?  Or is it a picture of familiar place, long forgotten, but easily remembered?  How about a mother's touch?  Is it anything deeper or slight?



No one can quite know the answer to this question.  However, comfort is a feeling that I experience quite often now.  And, not only do I feel this tangible device, but I can see it in my wife's eyes.  I can smell it when I enter my home.  I hear it when I listen to my music.  And, I can see it when I cast my eyes to heaven.



It's not something that I've completely missed, now that I ponder upon it.  I felt once that love was something that I was missing all along, and that may be true in one certain aspect, for I have never tasted love like I have now.



But now I know love was something that was coursing through me daily.  It superseded everything I knew, it comforted me along the way.  Have I completed the circle?  I doubt it.



I'm not four and a half month's away from life's event horizon; my child will be born.  It many ways, it still scares me and gives me great hope, never before did I believe that something could pave the way for such conflicting emotion.  I'm excited and yet drawn inward.  I'm cautious, yet reflected outward.  It's an emotional contradiction in every sense of the meaning.



But I love it, I crave it.  I wish I could document and savor every emotion felt during this time in my life, because I know that experiences like these often pass by too fast.  And when I want to turn back and relive them, I realize that I have too much to accomplish here and now.



I'm sure that it will only increase as time progresses.



Well, that's it for now.  I've worked tirelessly on getting the Professional portion of my Web site completely operational, and I believe that I'm about 99% there.  I'll leave the remaining percent as constant motivation to work on it.



Have a great day.  Go get a free e-mail address, will you?