# Mish-mash
Date: December 02, 2003

First of all, you are very lucky. (or unlucky, as the case may be)



If I had a digital camera, I'd be following suit of James Lileks' site right now.  For the entire month of December, he's on hiatus from the Bleat.  Instead, he is giving his readers their fill of photographs and other assorted mish-mash.  (spell checker didn't find a problem with the word "mish-mash".  Spectacular!)



Good news this past weekend:  I managed to inflict a major dent in the holiday shopping list.  I'd love to give everyone the run-down of everything purchased, however; my wife is an avid reader of my site, and that would ruin all of the fun.  Suffice it to say that Target is a blessing and a curse at the same time.



To word it very delicately, it simply has everything.  I spent two hours at the mall and came up very shorthanded.  But just one hour at Target gave me loads of ideas.  What a boon!



Other good news:  The cat is no longer sick.  Wait...that really isn't that good of news.  Now, instead of sleeping at nights, he runs around our room like a sugar-injected 5 year old.  He also eats like 78 times per day now, too.  I don't want a fat cat...so maybe I should stop feeding him bacon.



But it wasn't MY fault that he ate the bacon grease.  He did that of his own volition.



Hmm....nothing but good news today, I guess.  I reckon that I can spice this entry up a bit with a dash of bad news-salty-flavor, but that simply wouldn't be conducive to the Christmas Spirit.



And if anyone has wondered where the Blog was yesterday, my apologies.  The holiday season will probably provide less time for writing, and I fully expect the entries to become a bit more emaciated as the 25th approaches.  But I make a promise:  No more missed entries.



So, that's it.  See you tomorrow!