# AOL
Date: November 14, 2003

It appears to be Friday again.  It also appears that today's entry just might stink.



To avoid this unfortunate outcome, I will try my hardest to concoct a literary masterpiece.  Mind you, this doesn't happen all the time, and I guarantee you it won't generally transpire on Fridays.  Heaven knows I need these days for myself.



However, I have submitted this site to many search engines this week, and if the happy circumstance presents itself where I actually receive visitors because of those efforts, well then; I better do a quality check.



This morning, I awoke with the strangest of thoughts in my head.  I do not remember if I was dreaming about this particular topic or not, I simply woke up thinking this:



America Online asking me to come back to them is like my middle school asking me to redo 7th and 8th grade.



What's even more ridiculous is that I actually pondered this thought well into my day at work.  I was mainly trying to remember something that simply didn't exist anymore, or maybe never did.



And I'd really like to say that I've put this thought to rest, but no.  I'm still turning this thought over in my mind.  I've actually (and pathetically)  placed some truth into this statement, too.



I figure that America Online was my stepping stone into the Internet.  I'm so far gone from those bright snappy icons and parental controls, that every time I receive one of those <costly> CDs in the mail, I shudder.



"Why, for Pete's sake, would I want to return to you?"



"Because we're optimized"



Optimized for what?  Faster, superior cleaning action?  Increased fuel efficiency?  Simplified degradation of extreme variables?  What?



STOP. SENDING. ME. THOSE. COME. BACK. CDS.  You have now delved into the realm of unrememberable REM sessions.  That's simply too far.



Again, I seem to have hit a tangent.  Anyway, Wife and I are into our....17th week of the pregnancy, and Monday will mark the 18th.  I still don't really remember the previous, thank you.  I'd like to try again, maybe this time, remembering a few moments here and there.



Well, that's it for now.  If I don't come back tonight to write more, make sure and have a pleasant weekend.