# Mr. Fix-it
Date: March 16, 2004

An evening with Mr. Fix-it.  And I kid you not.  Over the weekend, my Uncle George and Aunt Marla paid visit to the state of Arizona, and stayed at my parent's house for the duration.  We had a wonderful time of things on Sunday night, visiting until late in the evening and there wasn't hardly enough light to see each other's faces.  I looked forward to seeing them again the next day, as I wanted to show them my place and all the wonderful baby "things".






Uncle George didn't take five steps in the apartment before he took to work on my broken laundry closet door, asking me whether I had any tools.  This was one of those moments when, as a guy, it's requisite that these items are available, and I feel rather sheepish when I explain that there aren't any handy.  No matter he says, and off he goes to work on this door.






After a short visit to Home Depot, we decided that we had the essential tools and fixes for the hinge, and came back to finish the job.  By the way, this store still mystifies me, as I know I belong there, but I don't quite know why.  George seemed to know exactly where to go, but I remained lost.  He looked over an entire wall of gadgets, decided what we needed, and walked away.  I still sat there, puzzled and puzzling. 






I'd imagine that I could do such fixes from time to time; however, my problem is that I don't know that such replacement parts exist.  I suppose that the lesson learned from this experience is that everything is fixable.  Everything.






The neatest part of the evening was when George and I went to OfficeMax to find a printer.  I didn't exactly know why, but then he told me that this was a surprise for the parents.  What a neat guy.  It takes a certain breed of human to understand and perceive what people really need and want.  We snuck back home and up the stairs to the computer room, where we deftly installed the printer and had my mom come upstairs to view some baby shower photos.  After a couple of quick glances at the pictures, George asked my mother which one she liked; after she pointed to one, he quickly printed it before she saw the printer in the corner.  She was surprised, and she loved it. 






Anyway.  That's it for now.  Go back to your jobs, your schools, and your chores.  This page will be back again tomorrow.  Thanks for dropping by!