# I care
Date: March 03, 2004

So was that it?  Was that my proverbial moment in the sun?  A brief entrance into the realm of super-sites, with visitor averages in the hundreds?  Maybe.  But at least some people looked around.  That's always reassuring.  I didn't want to appear as some sort of sell-out, mind you.






Oh fine.  If you're really looking for a spong monkey, they aren't here anymore.  They left.  But you're welcome to stay.






For those of you who may be new to this site, welcome.   If you care to look around, be my guest; however, I never guarantee that this site is A. Coherent and B. Enjoyable.  Although I've been told in times past that it is, indeed, both.






Outside the World is my expression to the world.  It's a blog, and it's updated daily, so visit frequently.  I don't advertise my writings with cute unsubstantiated statements, as they all make me wretch.  But hopefully, with the passing of time, this blog will garner the numbers to justify my emotion.






Past entries will be found in the Archives.  I recommend that you try that first, because everything else won't make sense without it.  If you go to the Personal page, you will find other assorted hoo-hah material, such as pictures and writings.  If you really feel brave, get a free e-mail address, too. 






Ah, come on.  Don't I have the right to exhibit my own wares?  Fine.  If you're ever in the mood for some truly excellent writing, rather than mangled consonant-mash, you could always try my brother's site.  He likes natural soap.






On to other things.






I need some new music, but I lost my registration key.  As I installed my copy of Acid 4.0, a small thought kept jumping up in my mind, demanding I give it attention.  A slight itch, reminding me that this product requires registration before use.  Where had I put this code?  Doesn't matter, I'll just zip right through it and hopefully it'll let me use the program that I rightfully own.






It's funny how we humans believe our own lies, even after only 30 seconds of false encouragement.  By the time the program had finished installing, I had built myself up for success.  I expected to be able to use this program. 






<double click> Hi! Registration code, please?  Because we own you and not vice versa? (yes I'm thinking and therefore writing in sentence fragments.  I care.)






I was so vehemently disappointed.  Oh well.  Another month, and I'll be ready to give them a call and voice my opinion.  Or I'll just call and act really nice and hope they give me a new key.






Ho, boy.  It's been a dry day, for sure.  Any evidence of this is apparent in the above paragraphs.  Promises for more articulate writing tomorrow, eh?  Good day.