# Stolen
Date: March 26, 2004

Life is full of nasty habits.  Writing happens to cover a large portion of those habits.  While one week may bring you infinite possibilities for literature, another may be extremely dry.  Thus, bringing you swiftly out of the swing.






No room for complaint, and I sure can't imagine a better provider of content that the week past.  In fact, a close friend of mine mentioned that the resultant episodes of this week would provide great blog-fodder.  I reluctantly agreed; however, I knew that I wouldn't have the heart or the energy to describe my thoughts until later.






On Monday morning, I left for work as I usually do.  I walked into my office in the same manner I always have, and I sat down at my desk in no unusual fashion.  Two hours drifted by without much ado, and I prepared for my break without much anticipation.  But then, as I began my ordinary break, my wife called me with some extraordinary news.






Our car had been stolen.






At first, I thought she was joking.  But as I listened, I detected the firm disposition that this was, in fact, no gag at all.  Our car had truly been stolen overnight.   I then proceeded to return home to help my wife with telephone calls to the police, etc. 






During the trip home, many thoughts passed through my mind.  First and foremost was the hope that the car was truly gone for good.  If you're car gets stolen, and you have no deep love for this car in the first place, this would be the normal knee-jerk reaction that one would have.  And this was definitely the strongest emotion that I was feeling at the time.






I also thought about all of the belongings in the car.  What did we have in there?  Did we leave any checks?  Any credit cards?  When did it get stolen?  Why hadn't I noticed that earlier?  Did I lock the doors? 






After a few telephone calls to police departments, insurance adjusters, and apartment management, we felt that we had all in hand.  I returned to work, nevertheless I was now wired.  My mind raced at a million mile rate.  The desire to have this car permanently gone swelled within me. 






Much later that night, as the wife and I were tucked away into bed, we resigned ourselves to the fact that what was, will be.  However, just as that decision was reached, the telephone rang.  I leapt from the bedside to recover my cell phone in the next room.  It was officer anybody.  At this moment in time, I knew that there were two distinct possibilities:  One, my car was found in a burning heap on the side of the road or two, my car has been found and I can come get it.






Sadly, the latter proved to be the case.  And many of you may be thinking, why would he want his car to be gone that badly.  I can't answer the question, because I feel sick that I thought that way.  My desire to have a new car was seriously jeopardizing my rational. 






Now, four days later I can say that I'm glad that the car is back.  To be without all of the hassle with the insurance and researching cars is a satisfying feeling afterall.  Lesson learned?  Buy any car-theft deterrent device that you can reasonably afford.  Even if you think that no one on earth would want your car.






On a lighter note:  I believe that I know why the car was returned.  Almost every Sunday night, we hit "E" on our gas tank.  The car thief jacked the car, saw the needle, and said to heck with it and ditched it.  One quarter of a mile away from our house.  :)