# I Ran
Date: January 21, 2004

Moving.  Remember that impending move that I wrote about two weeks ago?  It now appears as if that day is just around the corner.  Are we ready?  No, but we have an excess of boxes strewn about the apartment.  Do we have a truck?  Well, yes and no.  Let's lean more toward the yes answer for the time being.






It's tough to summarize when you've been away for so long.  At first, I really believed that I would sit down and compose some scrab for the Blog last Saturday, but that never quite came to fruition.  Regretfully, I didn't even bother to write when my beautiful wife implored me to get back on the computer.  For that, I apologize.






E-mail writing.  Earlier today, I took part one of a two part e-mail writing class for work, so I have so many alternate and conflicting rules in my head at this time.  My writing feels somewhat labored because of this.  It feels like I'm trying to carve a dull butter knife through ice.  I know it'll work, but it slips a lot.






I can hardly wait to see what two days of this class will do to my writings. 






Flock of Seagulls.  Why, what a strange looking header for a paragraph?!  For those of you who don't watch VH1, they have recently been touting a new show called "Bands Reunited".  I never intended to sit down and watch it, really.  But I came home an hour early from work today and hadn't much else to do. 






To boil it down to the basics, the host of the show runs all around central England, looking for the disbanded members of A Flock of Seagulls.  The four band mates haven't talked in 20 years, there could be bad blood, one hasn't played the guitar in eight years, and so on.






But it was fun to watch.  I know only two of their songs, but I could tell that they were having fun again.  Whether that was made up for the show or it was true reality, doesn't matter.  I got to hear them play "I Ran" again.






Let's keep it brief.  And I will be back later.  Anyone want to help me move?