# Post #100
Date: June 10, 2008

And it only took me well over a year to reach that point!  Oye.  It's the end of a long day...a true Monday, in every aspect.  It started out at 5am, as I had to venture to Krispy Kreme to fetch a triple dozen donuts for the work breakfast potluck.  I figured there would be a long line, as this particular location opened to much buzz and fever.  It's the only location in AZ (for the time being), and we Arizonans love our fix.

When I got there, a line I did not find.  A single solitary Chevy stood between me, the drive thru, and a surplus of 30 minutes to my morning.  So after purchasing the pastries, I took a drive to WalMart. 

Because everyone loves WalMart.

Bought some pens, pencils, markers, etc.  I've used one particular type of pen since I found it in New York 10 years ago.  I couldn't tell you it by name, but I can find it at almost any store.  It's got a fine tip that works well with my funny writing style. 

Today was heavily anticipated because it was the date of Steve Job's keynote address at the WWDC.  I knew he'd unveil the new iPhone.  I had to wait a good portion of the day to get to the details of said phone, as I was stuck in meetings most of the morning and afternoon.  When I had a few moments to myself, I sat down at my computer, feverishly browsing the nets for information. 

I won't get into my thoughts about the changes, not just yet.  That'll be fodder for this weekend's regular blog post. 

By the way, road trip this weekend.  We're bucking the trend and gassing up the car and taking off for Lake Arrowhead for a few days.  Screw the negative economists.  I may even go see a movie.

This post has taken a turn toward pessimism.  That just tells me I need to quit for now.  Have a great night!