# A note
Date: November 26, 2022

It’s Thursday.  My gosh, how I hate Thursdays.  Funny how it seems to change in a flash.  Each week, no deviation.  Wednesday, I can go to bed feeling fine, but Thursday is remarkably different.  I desperately need a shave, but it’s too soon.  Friday will be worse, but at least it’s Friday.  Indeed, the next day is Saturday, and I can wake up and reset.  I’m also tired of shaving, but that’s what it takes.  Sharp razors and I’ll be all set.  




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I’m five years old.  It’s 6am, well before school.  Mom lets me watch PBS in the mornings before I go to preschool at Mrs. Wing’s house.  Mr. Rodgers is speaking to me.  I love Mr. Rodgers.  He makes me feel safe and loved and ok with the world. He’s talking about the differences between boys and girls, but did I hear him say that boys could be girls?  Probably not.  But I go to bed that night and dream about waking up the next day a girl.  That can’t be right.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




My sister has the coolest things in her room.  I love my toys too, and my mom is generous.  So I have almost everything!  Legos, transformers, He-Man, Hot Wheels, and lots of big blocks to build with.  But sometimes, I sneak into her room and look at her dolls and barbies.  Oh, and one time, we went to K-Mart and saw this wonderful Rainbow Bright doll on the shelf.  I wanted it so bad, and so did my sister.  She also has Strawberry Shortcake dolls, and they smell like real strawberry.  I have an action figure that smells, too, but he smells like garbage.  I prefer strawberry to garbage, frankly.  




I also develop a crush on several fictional characters, including Smurfette, Punky Brewster, and others.  When my parents would scream at each other, I would hide in my room and pretend they were taking care of me.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




It’s 1st grade, and I love recess.  But I don’t like playing with the boys.  They just run around and chase and tackle and tease each other.  I much rather play with the girls.  We play house in the trees behind the school, and I am usually the baby.  I love how tender and sweet they are.  I love to go to their houses, too.  We play with their dolls and have parties with their stuffed animals.  But as I get older, my mom stops letting me play with girls.  That’s ok, I have a good friend named Jimmy, and he’s fun to play with.  We wander around outside and look for geodes and leprechauns.  




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I’m 8 years old, and my mom is taking me with her to the mall.  Again!  But that’s ok, I love the mall, and I love my mom.  She takes me to Crossroads and ZCMI center all the time.  I think it’s because my mom and dad are fighting.  They always fight, so we always go shopping.  It’s the way it works.  But, I do love it at the mall.  I find every excuse I can to go look at the girl clothes, but I don’t know why.  I feel kind of bad, because I’m starting to understand that people think that’s weird.  I heard on TV that transvestites got AIDS and hurt people and did drugs.  Is that what I am?  But I just want to touch the soft clothes.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




We’ve moved to Arizona, and I am 11 years old.  It was hard to leave my friends.  I didn’t have many, and one of them is really sick and might die.  But I have to leave.  My dad got a new job in Arizona, and he’s already gone.  My mom says I can visit Utah a lot, and that promise helps.  Anyway, I like my new house.  I am alone a lot.  My sister didn’t end up staying in Arizona very long.  She went back to Utah to live with my grandparents. I miss her, but I don’t tell anyone.  She still doesn’t like me very much, because I am clingy and annoying.  




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




When I turn 12, I start really learning a lot in church.  But one Sunday, we talk about boys and girls.  We have a combined activity coming up, and we are putting on a play.  And they say boys should never pretend to be girls, ever.  So all the girl parts go to girls, and I guess that’s ok.  But that doesn’t make sense to me, I think.  Girls wear pants and t-shirts all the time.  Are they pretending to be boys? Why are the leaders so mad at boys who want to wear dresses and wigs and play pretend?  They are being so serious.  I feel bad for being upset.  There must be something wrong with me, with how I feel.  




This happens again and again throughout the next few years. It causes me great shame and embarrassment.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I am about 13 years old.  My mom and I go to JCPenneys to pick out school clothes.  Not my favorite thing, because I think my mom is kind of annoying now.  Why do I feel that way?  Maybe because I am still alone a lot at home and I am tired of just talking to her.  She complains about my dad to me all the time and it makes me feel bad. Not just for her, but for both of them.  Why can’t they just talk?  If not talk, then just get a divorce.  That must be better than fighting all the time.  




We are picking out clothes now, and I spot something in a rack next to me that I love.  It’s a pair of shorts, but they have tight biker shorts under neath.  It reminds me of something girls wear, and it’s feminine.  I can ask for this, right?  I gather up all my courage and sheepishly beckon my mom to come over.  I call her attention to the shorts and she sees what they are and says I can’t have them.  I don’t bother to ask why.  She wanders off and says something inaudible.  I feel bad.  I shouldn’t have asked for them.  They are stupid, anyway.  Boys don’t wear tight shorts.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I am growing up now.  I am an older teenager.  I have lots of good friends, both boys and girls.  I love talking on the phone, especially to girls.  But I talk to all sorts of people.  I find myself in a really good space where I am surrounded by people that love me and want the best for me.  My parents still fight all the time, and that does make me really angry, but at least I have my friends.  When my parents fight, I punch holes in my door.  There were a lot of holes in my door.




My sister comes to visit from time to time, and brings friends with her.  They flirt with me and drive me crazy.  It’s all teasing, but it’s fun attention.  They are graduated from high school and have the coolest clothes and make up.  They let me talk to them while they are getting ready.  I love their perfume. I want to steal it!  




One day, I sneak into the room they are staying in while they are out shopping.  I am very careful. I do not want anyone to know I am here.  I look closer at their clothes, feeling each one and pretending to make outfits out of them.  I fold them gently and put them away just as I found them.  It makes me feel so happy, but anxious.  What if someone finds me? What if they notice something askew?  I would be mortified. I don’t ever want anyone to find out about me.  Every time I think about this, I remember what people at school said.  Boys like that were gay.  They were weird.  Sometimes they got beat up and teased.  And don’t forget about what the church leaders said.  But I’m not gay.  I love girls and am so attracted to them.  Not just because of their clothes or their bodies, but because of who they are at their core.  I don’t hate boys or men, but I am simply not attracted to them.  At all.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I am 21 years old.  I start a new job at Cox Communications, thankfully recruited by my good friend Peter.  We’ve been friends for about 5 years.  I feel like this is my first real job; good pay, benefits, and vacation time.  I have a huge team of people that I like to work with.  During training, I become friends with the trainer, Sam.  He encourages me and helps me feel like I have a future at this big company.  I feel singled out, but in a good way.  As we near the end of training, Sam invites me to a party at his house.  It’s for a lot of friends, and he says I should be celebrating the end of a grueling month of training.  I graciously accept.




When I get to Sam’s house, on time as I like to be, it was unusually quiet.  No one else had shown.  I am welcomed in and offered refreshments.  One other person arrives, a younger man from work. I forget his name. He had blonde hair and was talking about a new movie starring Ben Affleck.  I ask where everyone else is; Sam says they are coming soon, not to worry.  Sam excuses himself into his bedroom for a moment, and comes back quickly with a stack of pictures.  “Here”, he says, and extends them to me.  They are all pictures of him.  He is naked.  I am startled beyond measure, and hand them back to him quickly.  I am embarrassed.  He notices it.  He says he thought I would enjoy them.  I ask why.  He said he assumed I was gay.  I ran out the door with tears in my eyes.




What on earth just happened to me?




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I get married pretty young, and my wife is young, too.  My friend who got me a job at Cox starts acting strangely.  Almost competitive.  After a few months of this, he transfers out of our department.  I am oblivious.  During an off-hand conversation with a co-worker, she mentions that it was sad that my friend had to leave. I ask her why he had to leave, as he never told me anything.  Our friendship just seemed to dissolve, and because I was a newlywed, that’s what I chalked it up to.




She looked shocked.  “You didn’t know?”, she asked.  I shook my head vigorously.  She told me he was in love with me, and couldn’t bear to be around me any longer.  Everyone else knew, too.  I felt awful for my friend.  He didn’t deserve this.  I am beginning to understand the vibe that I exude.  Am I embarrassed, unsure, or just incredulous?  




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 







Meanwhile, married life continues on.  We appear happy.  We make a family, and that’s very distracting, isn’t it?  We have one, two, three children.  We have jobs and apartments and houses and school.  We’re very busy because both of our families live near us.  We try to travel and eat new things.  We don’t have a ton of money, but I never aspired to much, so I wasn’t really disappointed.  I usually had everything I could ever want.  And being so close to a woman all the time was very comforting. I push down any feelings that surface, because I don’t talk about that with her. 




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




Then, years later, my world shatters.  She starts a relationship with a woman while we are married.  She says she’s a lesbian.  She says she hasn’t been in love with me in a very long time, and that I am exhausting.  It feels like there is a mountain on top of me.  I can’t breathe, and I can’t see straight.  I want to throw up all the time.  I fall into my own mind.  Why did she marry me to begin with?  As time went along, she probably figured me out really well.  I loved shopping and clothes.  Maybe she saw me as an option for marriage because I wasn’t overly-masculine.  Oh, God.  Did I turn her gay?  Was me being a more feminine person triggering for her?  She won’t answer me.  She won’t tell me when this started.  I can’t get any solid information to help my aching, aching brain.  I finally talk to my bishop, and he says all the words that I was so afraid of.  That she said I was an insensitive husband that didn’t care about her.  That she blamed me for everything, that it was my fault.  He didn’t explain the logic, but it all made sense in my addled brain. 




This must have been my fault.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




Months go by, and we separate.  We prepare for a divorce that I never saw coming.  Somedays, I feel like it’s all a dream.  Others, a nightmare.  I do better when my kids are around, and I have them 50% of the time.  But the days when they aren’t with me? I drown in sorrow.  I lay in my small apartment in anguish and non-stop tears.  I remember what Mr. Rodgers said about times when you felt mad and angry, and that you should cry into a pillow or pound some clay.  But my pillow is soaked, and I have no clay.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I start to find things that make me happy, genuinely happy.  I begin therapy.  I work through some issues that I know were my own to handle, but I never dare divulge my tender feelings of femininity to my therapist.  So while I am working on things, I have a background feeling of disconnection, of impropriety.  I feel like a fraud, to be honest.




All the same, I learn that I am a person all by myself, without anyone else’s input or opinion.  I exercise, take myself out to eat, and travel.  I start shopping for myself, alone. I go to the mall and find myself in the women’s section.  A lot.  I find myself using any extra money I have to buy women’s clothes that pass well enough for neutral pieces that no one notices.  A lot of it is athletic wear.  Tank tops, pants, shirts…that sort of thing.  It makes me feel ok with myself.  




But there’s a strange contradiction happening here.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




The more I get in tune with the non-binary, feminine side of me, the more I am wrought with anxiety.  I have regular meetings with my bishop, and I tell him about it.  I tell him, point blank, “I like wearing women’s clothes, and I think it’s ok.”  He tells me it is not, and to stop immediately.  I spiral.  I stop taking the sacrament.  I punish myself for month and months.  Maybe a year.  Maybe more.  I take a trash bag and pile several outfits into it, crying tears of shame.  The bag goes to Goodwill.  I wake up the next morning and regret it immensely.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




Months later, a miracle happens. My stake president calls me into his office out of nowhere.  He sits me down and asks me how I am doing.  I tell him.  I tell him everything.  He tells me to stand up and take courage, and to stop punishing myself.  I am ok.  He tells me I never should have stopped taking the sacrament.  But still, so many contradictions.  




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I find it interesting that we are asked to follow the spirit so often.  He will lead us, guide us, let us know Heavenly Father’s will for us.  I feel His spirit so often, in so many places.  I feel ok much of the time.  It is only when I get back into the cookie cutter expectation mode of the organization of the Church that I feel odd and out of place.  It makes me uncomfortable, unwelcome, and disingenuous.  However, I stick it out because I know it to be true.  We are a bold church, a bold people.  However, we are fraught with prejudices and misinformation at every level of our organization.  We are taught how to feel about our LGBTQ+ brothers and sisters without ever really getting to know them.  




I love and sustain our leaders in the church.  I also know what a huge responsibility it is to be in charge of the salvation of hundreds of people.  I try to be diligent and follow their counsel, and I keep my covenants.  But I find the evolution of the church discouraging, as it is directly tied to my soul and who I am.  This isn’t me struggling with a tobacco addiction or spousal abuse.  This is something I was feeling as early back as my mind can take me.  So negative words matter to me, as they affect my mental health.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




I am a couple of years removed from my divorce.  I am finding success within myself and my job.  I am lonely.  I have dated several women.  Nothing works out.  Each break up is a little stab at my self-esteem, and because of my anxiety and remnant OCD, I begin to self-doubt.  Maybe I should stop shaving my legs.  Do they think that’s weird?  Maybe it’s weird.  




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




There’s an entire movement going on in the background, as well.  In 2018 and 2019, there were women stepping forward, finding their voices and their power with the #metoo movement.  Men in power across industries were being brought to trial for their abuses of women.  This movement brought bravery to untold numbers of exploited women.  




It also caused untold trauma in my headspace, as I listened over and over to stories of women who were mistreated by men.  At the same time, I was involved in the revolving door of online dating, where each new encounter was an invitation by both parties to air their grievances, ad infinitum.  I listened to story after story of abuse, neglect, and infidelity.  This rhetoric caused a stirring in my soul that I hadn’t felt in a long time, a feeling of genuine disconnection from the body that I was born into. I could no longer claim manhood.  I no longer wanted to.  




But I also recognized the divine nature of womanhood and felt, quite strongly, that I could not appropriate that role or identity.  So I really start to dig deep.  I wonder about my eternal identity and my role in society.  I feel very strongly that I do not need to identify either way.  I find the term [non-binary], and it seems to fit my soul like a glove.  Still, I hold this information tight to my chest.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




In March of 2020, as the world-wide pandemic was hitting full-swing, I met a remarkable person.  She came into my life as if it were a wave of an ocean; there was unmistakeable power behind her every intention, but beauty and grace were at her core.  I knew from the inception that I must cultivate a genuine, honest, open, and heartfelt relationship with her from the start.  There were no compromises, there was no other option. I must be myself from the start and see if this miracle of a woman sees me for who I truly am.  




Miracles happen as we communicate.  I see hesitation from her, but never an ounce of it negative.  It was more like wearing a brand new shoe that is just your size, but a brand you are not yet used to.  She needed time to acclimate to this new normal.  There were times when I was frustrated with myself and vented to her, feeling the entire time that what I was saying was the final straw…surely she would run from me after learning this new fact.  




And yet, that moment never came.  She has only responded with more love, more understanding, more support.  She allows me the latitude to express myself genuinely whenever possible, and encourages me to speak to others who understand my situation.  We pray often, and seek to understand what this means for both of us.  We pray for our LGBTQ_ siblings here on earth, including those who walk paths outside of the norm or accepted.




We keep our covenants, and look forward to the future with hope.  There are still days of frustration, of silent weeping as the silence takes its toll on me.  I have moments of regret when I realize that this dear, sweet woman has born the brunt of my self-expression.  I fear a time in the future when people like me are not seen as freaks of nature or the realization of a prophecy of Satan on earth, because that means that the time was not for me.  That I was not brave enough to speak up more. 




I think…I think that is why I write this now.  Because I have to start somewhere, and that is here on this screen.  The words I write are true, and they are me.  100% genuinely, authentically RyanDavid.  I am a child of God and I know that I have traits that have blessed my life and allowed me to survive this life on Earth.  I know that these challenges I have faced will allow me to help others in similar situations when the time comes.